That day: ONAM 2019
  ONAM 2019         Happy Onam to all of you. Last year Onam was the first Onam, I have ever celebrated or attended. It was quite a good experience. I have many South-Indian friends at my college but I didn't even know till the date of Onam that it is Onam. I remember the celebration. It was Saturday. And we have an electronics lab on Saturdays. So I prepared my bag accordingly having a heavy laptop and an electronics kit inside it. I took my bag and left for college. In college, there was a different environment, everyone was in a different costume, they were wearing the lungi. I remembered yesterday my friend Shalika had advised me to buy a coupon for Onam lunch and wear a Mund (What she calls Lungi) . But I was not interested in both of them so I ignored them. Later I searched for the Girl who was selling lunch copans but I did't find her so it was missed eventually. But now almost every boy in my class was wearing Mund and every girl was wearing white Sari, so I felt bad. T
https://www.iashyam.in/2020/08/that-day-onam-2019.html

Time Changes

Time changes, people change Change their expressions Emotions changes, words change Change their interpretations! There was a time when You were not in my life. I was single but happy Then I chose science. Science made me meet you When I fell in love with you! The day becomes so great, The day I talked to you. Talking beings us close When I fell into the relationship, The day you didn't call me The day seemed no interesting.  Then we talk, agree, and disagree Misunderstandings and chatter fights We break up but still love exists there That's why we are not able to move on. Now it let me unslept in night The day I talk to you! That's how the time has changed That's how the effect of love has changed.
https://www.iashyam.in/2021/03/time-changes.html

Way after a year: The Midsem Returns

 It has been over a year since I returned home from Delhi. I can remember that moment, the last day in college before the midterm break, It was a story, A story worth telling.   The day started like any other normal day but this day wasn't that normal, this was the day I am to go home. I usually travel alone by bus from my college to home and vice-versa. But this time it was going to be different. I have planned to go by train, with my friends. I didn't pack my luggage in the morning. I was a late riser in Delhi.  I went to college with the same boring routine but my heart was pumping and jumping inside because I knew the fact that I will be home overnight.  There were only two classes that day. Classes went well, GE Maths: Linear Algebra and Optics by Dr. Chinkhanlun Guite. Oh yes, that reminds me that I have to complete the assignment by Dr. CKL. This task may seem simple but this is tremendous. He gave it at the beginning of the semester and said that we can make it by Mid-s
https://www.iashyam.in/2021/03/way-after-year-midsem-returns.html

The AstroPhysics of Rajastan

 TaarTukkaRam and MaarMukkaRam was two great astrophysicist of ancient Rajasthan. TaarTukkaRam wrote in his book about how wide the universe is. But he didn't write how? Maar mukka ram wrote in his book about the age of universe. But he didn't write how did he do that.  After lot of efforts, people found their rough notebook.  Taartukka ram used this method. IF we multiply the speed of light with age of universe, we can get how wide our universe is. And he used the age universe given by MaarMukkaRam. Then they discovered the rough notebook of MaarMukka ram. He used the method that if we divide the radius of universe with the speed of light we can get the age of universe. And you can guess that he used the expenssion of universe given by mar mukka ram.  Now scientists are searching who wrote first. Fun Fect: TaarTukkaRam and MarMukkaRam are twin brothers!! That why we Rajasthanis think that earth is the center of universe. 
https://www.iashyam.in/2021/03/the-astrophysics-of-rajastan.html

एक बार 

 अँग्रेजी किताबों के नीचे दबी हिन्दी किताब उम्र से जिसके पन्नें पीले पड़ गए हैं अँग्रेजी के दाब से जिसके गत्ते झड़ गए हैं एक बार फिर उस किताब को पढ़ते हैं थोड़ा संभलकर थोड़ा डरकर एक बार फिर बंदर बनकर किसी ऊँची-सी नीम पर चढ़ते हैं। एक बार फिर इमली का स्वाद चखते हैं दो ईंटें रखकर उसपर एक डंडा रखते हैं टायर लेकर चक्कर लगाते हैं गाँव में एक बार फिर क्रिकेट खेलने निकलते हैं काकी के घर बेर खाने के लिए चलते हैं आ श्याम बैठते हैं पीपल की छाँव में।
https://www.iashyam.in/2021/03/blog-post.html
Untitled
  On this day, last year, I created the Blog. To be honest, I would like to tell you that I was searching for how to make a website on YouTube. And the first search result was about the blogger. I followed the steps of that video and I ended up creating a blog. At that time, I didn’t know much about blogs. I created that but I didn’t know what to post.  My first post was a quote as I remember but I don’t know exactly what it was. After one week, I was in college and I didn’t get much time to write blog posts. But I can remember, my first few posts were like- ‘What would be the effect of Dhoni’s retirement?’, ‘Can Rohit Sharma be Indian Captain?’. The first poem I posted was ‘How can it be true?’  In March 2020, I returned back home and I started looking at my blog. I posted a few poems that month. But April, being the National Poetry Writing Month proved a booster for my writing. In that month, I posted the maximum number of posts on the blog till now.  In May, I changed the theme and 
https://www.iashyam.in/2020/12/on-this-day-last-year-i-created-blog.html

Waiting for Crush's Reply

Keeping hope in my heart Having shine in my eyes I put a 'Hi' in the message box Before hitting the 'send' button My mind thinks again and again Collecting the courage to send As I hit the 'Send' button My heartbeat goes up and high. This time, relativity plays a role Times slows down as I wait for it My eyes refuse to blink then Every second seems to be a year The horses of imagination flies Thinking what she may be doing Maybe she is with her parents  Maybe she is with one she loves.  Then comes the moment here The status becomes 'online' And the eyes start to twinkle This was the one, I am waiting for! At this moment the time slows She is online but not replying. My heart starts to stop pumping Maybe she is chatting with someone. The next minute, status is 'typing...' My heart becomes an engine Heartbeat touching to the prime I can't wait for what will she write Even I know it it will be just 'Hi' I am like sitting in the singulari
https://www.iashyam.in/2020/12/keeping-hope-in-my-heart-having-shine.html

Forgotten: The Packing Story!

  I have told you, I have a friend to play with me, that is my fortune. She, along with my inner me, makes fun of me. It is a two-step process. First, my fortune tells my inner me to skip a piece of information. Then she adjusts the series of events such that I regret skipping this information. But I also take her with my replies having intelligent alternatives. Once, I had a plan to go to Jaipur. I like traveling alone but I mess with packing. I, almost every time, forget something that gives me a headache later. This time, I completed my packing and traveled 360kms from Rawatsar to Jaipur. After reaching there, I went to my room which I have already booked. I went there and left my plans for the next morning because now, I want to just sleep. I wake up the next morning and according to my habits, I went into the bathroom. I came back and checked my bag. I forgot my toothbrush at home. I checked my bag again. I put the things in my bag inside out but found nothing. I was cursing mysel
https://www.iashyam.in/2020/12/forgotten-packing-story.html
